Project Progress after Workshop 1
First step:
Brainstorm some ideas for the first lab. In Lab 1, we will finalize groups, and discuss project
ideas. By Lab 2, you should have selected a project topic.

Project Requirements:
Must be completed with your group before workshop 2
● Let TAs know who your group members are (we will do some icebreaker exercises
today)
● Must have a repo in github which all group members can access and send us the link on
slack. (See instructions “How to hand in” below.)
○ In order to create a repo, you will need to decide on a project name
● Project Description: Write 3-5 sentences on your project topic. (try to address all points
below)
○ Who is it for?
    ○ Individuals who want to buy or sell parking spot spaces in a peer to peer environment. Anyone looking to purchase
    parking spots for a cheaper price, or rent their private parking spots for a passive side income.

○ What will it do? (What "human activity" will it support?)
    ○ The app will facilitate listing of parking spots to rent
    ○ The app will facilitate renting of parking spots
    ○ The app will maintain user accounts to track which parking spots they have rented, prices, availability, etc.

○ What type of data will it store?
    ○ User profile information. (Name, Address, Location)
    ○ pictures
    ○ Parking spots and its coordinates / address
    ○ Information and instructions to access the parking lots

○ What will users be able to do with this data?
    ○ Users can edit their own user data as well as edit their parking spot listing attributed (address, pictures, description, etc.)

○ What is some additional functionality you can add/remove based on time constraints?
    ○ Facilitating the listing and renting of storage spaces
    ○ Ability to facilitate listing and renting of commercial parking spaces

● Project task requirements:
○ 3-5 minimal requirements (will definitely complete)
    ○ User account creation
    ○ User login and logout
    ○ Parking spot listing creation
    ○ Parking spot rental purchases
    ○ Browsing page for listings (like Airbnb)

○ 3-7 "standard" requirements (will most likely complete)
    ○ User profile page
    ○ User profile editing
    ○ Customer support page
    ○ Integration with a map API
    ○ Address and neighbourhood based search for parking spots
    ○ Support for calendar-based date selection
    ○ Reviews for parking spots
    ○ Reviews for users

○ 2-3 stretch requirements (plan to complete at least 1!)
    ○ Identity and ownership authentication API (Persona)
    ○ Integration with credit / debit card API
    ○ Referral program for friends/family to join as lister/renter
    ○ Subscription program to park at any listings

● Pick 2 of your minimal requirements and break each of them down into ~2-5 smaller
tasks!
    ○ User account creation
        ○ Create mongo db on GCP (look into mongodb atlas?)
        ○ Collect name, email, password, phone number
        ○ Simple web form that creates a user in the db
    ○ User login and logout
        ○ login authentication done with firebase
        ○ Simple login form that allows users to authenticate with our website
        ○ When logged in, logout button is visible to allow users to logout

○ This will help you divide up work among your teammates


● Finally, draw 2-3 rough sketch prototypes of some key tasks of your app. Sketch these
physically on paper and then scan and add to your repo.



How to hand in:
Put all of the writing (Project Description, Project Task requirements, task breakdown), as well
as your prototypes into the README of your project repo. Send the repo link to your lab TAs in
a slack channel along with your group members. ALSO, for each team member, go on slack and
edit your profile. In the “What I do” space, put your team name!